bpo-36487: Make C-API docs  clear about what the main interpreter is (#12666)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/init.rst

While in most uses, you will only embed a single Python interpreter, there
are cases where you need to create several independent interpreters in the
same process and perhaps even in the same thread.

Before sub-interpreters, there is a main interpreter which is the first one
created by the CPython runtime on startup when the ``python`` command is
run. The :c:func:`PyInterpreterState_Main` funtion returns a pointer to this

> main interpreter's state.

Reviewer: This description of the main interpreter could be a bit more direct but the focus should remain within the context of subinterpreters.  For instance, there's no need here to mention any specific API related to the main interpreter.  Anyway, I've updated the BPO issue with a list of key points to cover.

FWIW, I'm not sure whether it would be better to keep the main-related text small (e.g. one short paragraph) or to make it comprehensive (e.g. across multiple paragraphs).  If we go with that latter then it may make sense to have a separate section nearby for the main interpreter.

Reviewer 2: I think it makes sense to keep things minimal for now, and defer more comprehensive documentation to the resolution of the PEP for a Python level subinterpreter API.

Author: @ncoghlan  I agree to this being a small paragraph for now most especially given the current structure of the docs. Though I also have to warn you that incorporating all the points @ericsnowcurrently suggests in the BPO will lead to a big paragraph.

While in most uses, you will only embed a single Python interpreter, there
are cases where you need to create several independent interpreters in the
same process and perhaps even in the same thread. Sub-interpreters allow
you to do that.

> The main interpreter is the first one created when runtime initializes.

Reviewer: For this first sentence:

s/main/"main"/

Reviewer 2: Also "when the runtime" ("the" is currently missing)
```suggestion
The "main" interpreter is the first one created when the runtime initializes.
```

> The :c:func:`PyInterpreterState_Main` funtion returns a pointer to this main

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :c:func:`PyInterpreterState_Main` function returns a pointer to this main
```

> The :c:func:`PyInterpreterState_Main` funtion returns a pointer to this main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :c:func:`PyInterpreterState_Main` funtion returns a pointer to its state.
```

> The :c:func:`PyInterpreterState_Main` funtion returns a pointer to this main

Reviewer: It may be better to move this sentence to the end of the paragraph.

interpreter's state. It is usually the only Python interpreter in a process.

> The main interpreter also has other responsibilities like signal and public

Reviewer: s/signal and public calls handling/signal handling/

Reviewer: I still think this will be more clear if you drop `and public calls` from this sentence.

> The main interpreter also has other responsibilities like signal and public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike sub-interpreters, the main interpreter has unique process-global responsibilities like ...
```

> calls  handling in the main thread, can be taken over by a suninterpreter

Reviewer: Drop "can be taken over by a subinterpreter in the main thread".

> calls handling in the main thread, is responsible for execution during runtime

Reviewer: You can drop "in the main thread".  It doesn't add much helpful info in this context.

> calls handling in the main thread, is responsible for execution during runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handling.  It is also responsible for execution during runtime
```

> in the main thread, responsible for execution during runtime initialization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
, is responsible for execution during runtime initialization
```

> initialization, and it is usually the active interpreter during runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initialization, and is usually the active interpreter during runtime
```
